website/docs: include OS-specific docker-compose install instructions + minor fixes (#8975)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/installation/configuration.mdx

-   `AUTHENTIK_STORAGE__MEDIA__S3__SECURITY_TOKEN`: Security token to authenticate to S3. May be omitted. Supports hot-reloading.
-   `AUTHENTIK_STORAGE__MEDIA__S3__BUCKET_NAME`: Name of the bucket to use to store files.
-   `AUTHENTIK_STORAGE__MEDIA__S3__CUSTOM_DOMAIN`: Domain to use to create URLs for users. Mainly useful for non-AWS providers. May include a port. Must include the bucket. Example: `s3.company:8080/authentik-media`.

> -   `AUTHENTIK_STORAGE__MEDIA__S3__SECURE_URLS`: Whether URLS created for users use `https` rather than `http`. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: Well, it's `http` rather than `https` as the default is True.

Author: At least I was correct in thinking the phrasing was potentially confusing there 😆

Author: ...I think I misunderstood your comment, unless `SECURE_URLS=true` actually means 'use insecure http'. To make it even clearer, how about:

> Whether URLS created for users use `https` rather than `http`. Defaults to `true` to use HTTPS.

Or if the alternative is clear, just simplify as:

> Whether URLS created for users use `https`. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: SECURE_URLS=true -> https

SECURE_URLS=false -> http

Whatever you think is less ambiguous is fine by me.

Reviewer 2: Proposal:
-   `AUTHENTIK_STORAGE__MEDIA__S3__SECURE_URLS`: This option determines if URLs created use `https` (set to `true` by default) or `http`.

## authentik Settings

### `AUTHENTIK_SECRET_KEY`

> Secret key used for cookie signing and unique user IDs; don't change this after the first install.

Reviewer 3: Nitpick: This isn't consistent with the language on line 157.  

"Secret key used for cookie signing and unique user IDs. Do not change this after the first install."

    The environment tag associated with all data sent to Sentry. Defaults to `customer`.

>     When error reporting has been enabled to aid in debugging issues, this should be set to a unique value, such as an e-mail address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    When error reporting has been enabled to aid in debugging issues, this should be set to a unique value, such as an email address.
```

Requires authentik 2021.12.5
:::

Enable the ability for users to change their names, defaults to `true`.

### `AUTHENTIK_DEFAULT_USER_CHANGE_EMAIL`

:::info
Requires authentik 2021.12.1
:::

Enable the ability for users to change their email addresses, defaults to `false`.

### `AUTHENTIK_DEFAULT_USER_CHANGE_USERNAME`

:::info
Requires authentik 2021.12.1
:::

Enable the ability for users to change their usernames, defaults to `false`.

> ### `AUTHENTIK_GDPR_COMPLIANCE`

Reviewer: @BeryJu I thought we removed all of those as they're now configured on the settings page in the UI?

Reviewer 4: apparently we missed these

Reviewer: https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik/pull/8976

Configure how many gunicorn worker processes should be started (see https://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/design.html).

If running in Kubernetes, the default value is set to 2 and should in most cases not be changed, as scaling can be done with multiple pods running the web server.

> Otherwise, authentik will use 1 worker for each 4 CPU cores + 1, as a value below 2 workers is not recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, authentik will use 1 worker for each 4 CPU cores + 1, because a value below 2 workers is not recommended.
```

> Otherwise, authentik will use 1 worker for each 4 CPU cores + 1, because a value below 2 workers is not recommended.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: "Otherwise, authentik will use 1 worker for each 4 CPU cores + 1.  A value below 2 workers is not recommended."

Also suggestion: Say _why_.
